README.md, before:

# Starting point for BioSim projects June 2023

1. Be sure that you are logged into Gitlab.
1. One of the partners clicks the `Fork` button.
1. Fill in the form that appears as follows (see also figure below):
   - Project name: `BioSim Uxx FirstName1 FirstName2`  Here, `xx` is your group number (with leading zero!) and `FirstName1` and `FirstName2` your first names as in the group name.
   - In the project URL, in the "Select a namespace" pull-down menu, select your Gitlab group `Axx_FirstName1_FirstName2`. 
   - Make sure that the "Project slug" is
     `biosim-uxx-firstname1-firstname2` without any spaces or
     additional hypyens. 
		- **NB: Gitlab will insert a `-` between `u` and the digits
          `xx`. Remove the `-`!**
   - You can add a project description.
   - Select visibility level `Private`
1. The project is now created inside your group on Gitlab.
1. Both partners clone the project to their computers.
1. One partner shall replace this README.md with an initial text of your own and delete `fork_example.png`.

![Forking example](fork_example.png)

Commit message:

Add note that instructions don't work at present

README.md, after:

# Starting point for BioSim projects June 2023

## Note

**Due to technical problems on GitLab, the cloning process described
below does not work. I am working on an alternative solution to get
started.**

## Instructions—Please ignore for now!

1. Be sure that you are logged into Gitlab.
1. One of the partners clicks the `Fork` button.
1. Fill in the form that appears as follows (see also figure below):
   - Project name: `BioSim Uxx FirstName1 FirstName2`  Here, `xx` is your group number (with leading zero!) and `FirstName1` and `FirstName2` your first names as in the group name.
   - In the project URL, in the "Select a namespace" pull-down menu, select your Gitlab group `Axx_FirstName1_FirstName2`. 
   - Make sure that the "Project slug" is
     `biosim-uxx-firstname1-firstname2` without any spaces or
     additional hypyens. 
		- **NB: Gitlab will insert a `-` between `u` and the digits
          `xx`. Remove the `-`!**
   - You can add a project description.
   - Select visibility level `Private`
1. The project is now created inside your group on Gitlab.
1. Both partners clone the project to their computers.
1. One partner shall replace this README.md with an initial text of your own and delete `fork_example.png`.

![Forking example](fork_example.png)
